[Music] oh
no it's not like that
very good again friends of the
channel it seems that they have found
Rocío Carrasco on the Costa Brava and they have
done a little well a little
interview a little question not on the
street the protected on the street to
ask her what she thinks about
Olga Moreno's victory and that she is going to talk and
well the first thing that surprises me
is that this woman is on vacation
no longer because people don't deserve a vacation
everyone deserves their vacation
obviously but well me but if it's
been a week since she started a
new section on Sálvame what are you doing on
vacation already well she's on vacation
obviously not for not for not
asking here all the ones that are coming with what happened
to Olga I can't imagine what she expected in
part or what she could imagine she could
intuit that Olga would win survivor and
that the children would be out there by the
plate and well to get out of the way more
than anything she is worth to get out of the way
all day long and I'll tell you one thing
now when she sees herself cornered with her
lies when  Olga, keep answering
when the truth and the shakas come
out in each topic, in each thing that you
have commented in the docudrama, well, look at
us more videos, a very similar case
on YouTube, okay, of a girl almost,
well, the case is very comparable, okay, it is
a very similar case but on YouTube
instead of television, okay, it is a girl
who, out of balls, obsessed, wanted to put
her ex-partner in jail, okay, and all
this because he did not turn the page, she wanted to
put him in jail, she had I do not know how many
trials with him, she told a lot of
lies about him, they caught the
lies and each time she was left
between a rock and a hard place, embarrassed
and ridiculous with the lies, each time they
caught her because on top of that they are
super clumsy and they ask for lies
super easily, well, she would remove herself from the
internet for a while, she began to claim
that she had trauma, that she was having a
very bad time, that she was destabilized, well,
I see that the case of Rocío Carrasco is going to
be equally
identical, valuable, let
the sacks come out and the proof of
everything she says or that some
things she has said  in the documentary she made
them up the moment she
sees herself cornered by lies she will start
not going to Sálvame, not appearing on
television to say that she has trauma, that she is having a
very bad time, that she cannot overcome it and
all that nonsense, okay instead of showing her face
and saying, well look, sorry, Elía,
okay, that's how it will be, okay, the only thing she
said to the reporters who
found her on the street was, I have already
told my truth now the people should
judge no Rocío Carrasco, sorry but no,
people should not judge, the judges should judge
okay, in your case there were six I
think or seven, I'm lost now but I think there
were six and they said that there was no
case, okay, Antonio Abilita is not an
abuser
therefore you are not a victim of
abuse, okay, so nothing good. In
any case, popular opinion has already
given its version, not making
Olga Moreno the winner, we
already have the version of the
popular version, no, popular opinion is that the
audience is not stupid okay, the audience is not
illiterate, they do not allow themselves to be fooled, they do not
allow themselves to be manipulated and the circus  mounted well it's
very good to create
shows but for what you wanted it's
not worth it and nothing gentlemen keep reporting
tomorrow I'm already at home so
tomorrow I'll have more activity on all
my channels I send you a huge hug and I
'll be reading you in the
comments box as always a hug
[Music]